-- 👋 Hi there. Hello! How are you? My name is Abraham, you can call me kuya Abe (the Filipino word "kuya" directly means older brother in Filipino) -- to all my friends, to new and old acquaintances, and also, with family.

-- 💻 Folks, my brothers and sisters, please allow me to speak my mind -- in terms of what I call maturity of skills within this vast space of computer I.T. -- I'm a Filipino engineer (L3). With this, I'm embracing continual learning in order to grow. I'm working with my brothers and sisters to enable others with computer I.T.. And like my brothers and sisters who work in this space. I'm also on a mission. For me, my mission statement is to serve the Lord our God, through helping people we serve (somehow, we need to go beyond the context of doing it for business reasons) with what we're able to do with computers. Personally, I think computer I.T. needs to serve this purpose, in order to come full circle. Our collective work becomes fulfilling if it has a good purpose behind it, beyond serving oneself, and it grows in a good way -- if we work with the right heart helping others (and in some way, help reduce suffering, where able). My friends, like you, I want to work a living while helping contribute to a good cause.

-- 🪴 Over time, having lessons from a variety of my past mistakes, I hope I have learned enough in the process. It is best to simplify what we can simplify. Abstract away unnecessary complexities, and build a simple, thoughtful, and workable solution (or suite of solutions) for people to work with. Help improve things with the right motives, and improve oneself as a person for the better. Friends, there's always much room for improvements. Planning to do with small, gradual, but consistent technical contributions. Done in collaboration with friends, and with venerable co-workers inside a workplace -- or, outside of it. 👷‍♂️ And, I say this now with gratitude, that I'm now working the kind of job that I have imagined myself doing from a much younger age.

-- 🛣️ Friends, our shared journey, for us to be able to grow enough to stay helpful, we must embrace continual learning, self-education, and do training. We must up-skill while we're working to earn a living. My friends, I have some work experience as a web developer some time ago. This was followed with being given an opportunity to work as a technical web analyst. However, like you, and anyone else, I still need to do continual training in order to learn and keep up with changes in this vast field This is, in order to remain relevant in an ever-changing job market, and tech landscape.

-- ⛪ Moving beyond work. I'm still working to become a practicing Catholic man. I'm a family man, and I believe in God. And my friends, for me, a lifetime of trying won't be enough to become what I could call a truly practicing Catholic. My brothers and sisters, we desperately need God in all things in life, and beyond this life. We need His blessing in everything we do and say. And I now understand that taken apart from the Lord's graces, mercy, and God's continual help -- my friends, we are truly helpless. Without God, we are nothing. We constantly need God's mercy, grace, and help. If we choose to become disciples of the good Shepherd, our Lord Jesus, the Christ. We need to remain in the Lord our God's flock of sheep, rams, lambs, and ewes. 🕊🐑

-- 💞️ And if you are someone who's looking to hire an additional member to your work team. I’m looking to find stable, but meaningful work in computer I.T. At the time of writing, this mid October 2024, I'm busy looking for a job.

-- 📫 Friends, if you need to talk to me. Please reach out via email, through this address: --> 'kuya-abe' + @ + 'learnersjourney' (dot) 'net'. Thank you. 

-- 🌅 We give the glory to God -- we ought to give God the honor, the thanksgiving, and praise -- with what it is we do, and, with what it is we say. May the Lord our God be glorified in all things -- with our words, with our actions, and with our accomplishments in life. I think we are alive for a singular and unifying purpose of loving and serving the Lord our God. And from what I have learned, serving God directly means loving and helping other people. Which I believe, begins inside our homes -- with our own families, and then to our friends, and so on going forward. And a gentle reminder for everyone, helping others need NOT always involve giving money, or even taking money. It could be anything good that God gave us -- like our time for family or for friends, our skills to help build something helpful to others, our words of encouragement to someone who is at rock-bottom, and things like simply listening to someone troubled. Offering consolation, giving pieces of practical, actionable, and ethically-sound advise to a brother or a sister can mean a world of difference to someone who feels alone, or who is in need of help. My friends, let us choose to become a part, no matter how small we are, let us become a part of the healing salve of God.

-- 🤲🏼 And one final note, let us check ourselves often. Remember, that the best way to change anything -- is not to force, or coerce other people to change their ways -- but, it is with looking inside ourselves, and changing what we can, for the better, that we are able to see changes. We change our old ways, for ourselves first and foremost, but we must also improve ourselves for all other people around us. Let us always ask God to purify our intentions, our motives for doing our work, when we're helping others. To God be all the glory! Glory, and praise to the Lord our God! That in all things, may God be glorified! Nawa ang Diyos ang siyang pasalamatan natin, purihin natin, at dakilain mula sa ating mga salita, at ating mga gawain. Salamat.

<!---
abormate/abormate is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
